Terms and Conditions for usage of On-line Transactions
These Terms and Conditions set out herewith are binding for Transacting Online through Internet on Tata Mutual Fund’s website: www.tatamutualfund.com using the facility for KYC Compliant Investors new to Tata Mutual Fund (TMF) offered by TMF through its Investment Manager, Tata Asset Management Limited. You are requested to read these Terms and Conditions carefully before investing. By accepting these Terms and Conditions you hereby acknowledge that you have read, understood and agree to them.
TAML is registered with the Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) to act as the Investment Manager for the Schemes of Tata Mutual Fund (hereinafter referred to as the Fund). AND TAML has a dedicated website in the name and style of www.tatamutualfund.com (hereinafter referred to as the “website”), which provides information and downloads relating to TAML and the Fund, including the facility of Online subscription of units and creation of folio and such other services/ facilities as detailed herein. The Fund, through its service providers (hereinafter referred to as “Service Providers”) offers the facility of transacting online through Internet for the convenience of KYC Compliant Investors that are new to TMF, the Facility and creation of folio and to invest in schemes of TMF online using the information available with various KRAs viz. CAMS KRA, CVL KRA, NSDL KRA and DOTex KRA.
The Investor/s defined here is/are KRA KYC compliant Investor/s and is / are desirous of availing of the services/facilities available through the Website of the Fund and has/have accepted these terms and conditions:
1. TERMS OF SERVICES
Investors’ Authorization and consent for Online Folio Creation: The Investor/s hereby authorize/s the Fund, who in turn, may authorize any of its service providers, to extend the Facility of creation of folio and accept purchases/subscriptions from the Investors, including an irrevocable authorization to the Fund to act upon any electronic instruction/s given to the Fund through use of the Facility in connection with the Online Transactions (hereinafter referred to as the “Instructions”), including creation of folio and performing the Online Transactions under the folio through the website and as may be permitted by the Fund under the Facility from time to time.
Folio Number shall mean the Folio Number allotted to the Investor and hereinafter referred to as “Folio Number”. TAML reserves the right to change, amend or modify the website as may be intimated from time to time.
Usage of, or subscription to, the Facility shall be in addition to, and not in substitution of, the existing procedure for conducting the transactions, the services of which are available through Online Transactions as well.
The Fund shall not be responsible for any errors that may be committed by the Investor/s in the process of conducting any Online Transaction/s or for error or failure of the transaction over internet due to any network problems. The Investor/s shall make only one application for each transaction, either in physical or electronic form.
2. PROCEDURE
2.1 Who can operate: Only existing KYC Investors who are KRA KYC verified with any one of the KRA i.e. CAMS KRA, CVL KRA, NSDL KRA and DOTex KRA.
Investor/s need to have a valid registered email ID, mobile number and Bank Account Number to avail of the facility. If the mode of holding is ‘single’ the facility will be available to the sole Investor. If the mode of holding is ‘anyone or survivor’ the Investor/s of such Account agree and confirm that TAML/TMF shall not be in the position to verify the user of the website and thereby shall not be responsible/liable for any transaction/s arising out of misuse of the facility by any of the joint holders. If the Investor is a minor, the parent / legal guardian shall be eligible to avail of the facility till the minor attains majority. The parent/guardian agrees not to use the Facility once the minor attains majority. In case of HUF, the details of the HUF need to be entered and the date of Incorporation of HUF is required and it shall be deemed that the transaction is initiated by the Karta. The facility is currently not available for the Non - Individuals like body corporates, firms or trusts. KYC KRA Compliant PAN / PEKRN number is mandatory for this facility. For Investors applying through KYC Compliant PEKRN can invest upto Rs.50,000/- only. The Investor/s agree/s to visit the website www.tatamutualfund.com in the event they require more details.
3. Services Offered
The Investor/s may access the following services viz the facility:
* Subscription / purchases of units of TMF schemes Online.
* Online Creation of Folio
The Investor/s hereby agree/s and confirm/s that the services mentioned herein above are only an inclusive list, and the Fund may add or remove any services it may in its absolute discretion decide, which services the Investor may use the Facility to access and utilise. In addition to the information and services mentioned above, the Investor may also, as and when the facility is extended to other services provided by the Fund, use such facility to access and utilise any such services provided by the Website.
4. TAML WARRANTIES
TAML will make best efforts to keep the Website updated on a daily basis, so as to provide upto date information to Investor/s. The Investor/s also agree/s that the look and feel of the web screen and outputs there from may differ based on the nature of the software used by the Investor/s to browse the Website. TAML agrees to take best efforts to protect security of the data placed on the Internet and has for this purpose required the service provider to sign a confidentiality agreement specifying confidentiality of the data and to restrict external access to the database on the Internet. TAML/ service provider may, in the interest of the Investor/s, request a fax confirmation of the instructions and any additional information TAML/service provider may require. In such an event, TAML/service provider shall not be bound to act on electronic instructions received, until the said fax confirmation and additional information is received from the Investor/s, in a form and manner acceptable to TAML/service provider. The Investor/s confirm/s and agree/s that he/she/they shall at all times be bound by any modification and/or variations made to the Terms and Conditions hereof and as notified on the Website. TAML shall not be required to give the Investor/s individually any separate notice of any of the modification and/or variations that have been notified on the Website. TAML or the service provider shall have the absolute discretion to amend or supplement any of the terms at any time and will endeavor to give prior notice on the website / through email for such changes wherever feasible. TAML/service provider may, in its absolute discretion decide not to carry out any such transaction where the service provider or TAML has reason to believe that the instructions are not genuine, are unclear, are such as to raise a doubt, are otherwise improper or there is ground to believe that the same is in contravention of any statute/laws in India and cannot be put into effect.
5. TAML DISCLAIMERS
Neither TAML nor the service provider shall be liable for any unauthorized usage of the facility or any loss or damage or other consequences there from. Further, neither the Fund, nor TAML nor the service provider shall be liable at all for any misuse if any, of any data accessed through the Internet by third parties. Without prejudice to any other provisions of this Agreement, TAML and its service provider shall not be liable for any loss or damage whatsoever caused arising directly or indirectly in connection with the services and/or this Agreement.
TAML and the service provider have the absolute discretion to withdraw/amend the services provided, or amend or supplement any of the above terms and conditions at any time without prior notice to the Investor /s.
The Investor/s confirm/s and agree/s that he/ she/they shall at all times be bound by any modification and/or variations made to the other Terms and Conditions and as notified on the Website. The Fund shall not be required to give the Investor/s individually any separate notice of any of the modification and/or variations that have been notified on the Website.
